"Shodan Search" LICENCE AGREEMENT
------------------------------------------

"Shodan Search" was developed by Abdulkadir Güngör
© 2021 ABDULKADİR GÜNGÖR All Rights Reserved
Contact email address: abdulkadir_gungor@outlook.com

This licence agreement only applies to this software and source code.

TERMS AND CONDITIONS
--------------------

BY DOWNLOADING, INSTALLING, USING, TRANSMITTING, DISTRIBUTING OR COPYING THIS 
SOFTWARE AND SOURCE CODE("SHODAN SEARCH"), YOU AGREE TO THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT (INCLUDING 
THE SOFTWARE LICENCE AND DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY) WITH AUTHOR ("ABDULKADiR GÜNGÖR") 
THE OWNER OF ALL RIGHTS IN RESPECT OF THE SOFTWARE AND SOURCE CODE. 

PLEASE READ THIS DOCUMENT CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THE SOFTWARE AND SOURCE CODE. 

IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO ANY OF THE TERMS OF THIS LICENCE THEN DO NOT DOWNLOAD, 
INSTALL, USE, TRANSMIT, DISTRIBUTE OR COPY THE SOFTWARE AND SOURCE CODE. 

THIS DOCUMENT CONSTITUES A LICENCE TO USE THE SOFTWARE ON THE TERMS AND 
CONDITIONS APPEARING BELOW. 

The Software is licensed to you without charge for use only upon the terms of 
this licence, and the Owner reserves all rights not expressly granted to 
you. The Owner retains ownership of all copies of the Software. 

1. Licence

You may use the Software without charge. 

You may distribute exact copies of the Software to anyone. 

2. Restrictions

The Owner reserves the right to revoke the above distribution right at any time, 
for any or no reason. 

YOU MAY NOT MODIFY, ADAPT, TRANSLATE, RENT, LEASE, LOAN, SELL, REQUEST DONATIONS 
OR CREATE DERIVATE WORKS BASED UPON THE SOFTWARE OR ANY PART THEREOF. 

The Software contains trade secrets and to protect them you may not decompile, 
reverse engineer, disassemble or otherwise reduce the Software to a humanly 
perceivable form. You agree not to divulge, directly or indirectly, until such 
trade secrets cease to be confidential, for any reason not your own fault. 

3. Termination

This licence is effective until terminated. The Licence will terminate 
automatically without notice from the Owner if you fail to comply with any 
provision of this Licence. Upon termination you must destroy the Software and 
all copies thereof. You may terminate this Licence at any time by destroying the 
Software and all copies thereof. Upon termination of this licence for any reason 
you shall continue to be bound by the provisions of Section 2 above. Termination 
will be without prejudice to any rights the Owner may have as a result of this 
agreement. 

4. Disclaimer of Warranty, Limitation of Remedies

TO THE FULL EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, THE OWNER HEREBY EXCLUDES ALL CONDITIONS 
AND WARRANTIES, WHETHER IMPOSED BY STATUTE OR BY OPERATION OF LAW OR OTHERWISE, 
NOT EXPRESSLY SET OUT HEREIN. THE SOFTWARE, AND ALL ACCOMPANYING FILES, DATA AND 
MATERIALS ARE DISTRIBUTED "AS IS" AND WITH NO WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, WHETHER 
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED. THE OWNER DOES NOT WARRANT, GUARANTEE OR MAKE ANY 
REPRESENTATIONS REGARDING THE USE, OR THE RESULTS OF THE USE, OF THE SOFTWARE 
WITH RESPECT TO ITS CORRECTNESS, ACCURACY, RELIABILITY, CURRENTNESS OR 
OTHERWISE. THE ENTIRE RISK OF USING THE SOFTWARE IS ASSUMED BY YOU. 
THE OWNER MAKES NO EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS INCLUDING, 
WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A 
PARTICULAR PURPOSE WITH RESPECT TO THE SOFTWARE. NO ORAL OR WRITTEN INFORMATION 
OR ADVICE GIVEN BY THE OWNER, IT'S DISTRIBUTORS, AGENTS OR EMPLOYEES SHALL 
CREATE A WARRANTY, AND YOU MAY NOT RELY ON ANY SUCH INFORMATION OR ADVICE. 

IMPORTANT NOTE: Nothing in this Agreement is intended or shall be construed as 
excluding or modifying any statutory rights, warranties or conditions which by 
virtue of any national or state Fair Trading, Trade Practices or other such 
consumer legislation may not be modified or excluded. If permitted by such 
legislation, however, the Owner's liability for any breach of any such warranty 
or condition shall be and is hereby limited to the supply of the Software 
licensed hereunder again as the Owner at its sole discretion may determine to be 
necessary to correct the said breach. 

IN NO EVENT SHALL THE OWNER BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT OR 
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF 
BUSINESS PROFITS, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, AND THE LOSS OF BUSINESS INFORMATION OR 
COMPUTER PROGRAMS), EVEN IF THE OWNER OR ANY OWNER'S REPRESENTATIVE HAS BEEN 
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. IN ADDITION, IN NO EVENT DOES THE 
OWNER AUTHORISE YOU TO USE THE SOFTWARE IN SITUATIONS WHERE FAILURE OF THE 
SOFTWARE TO PERFORM CAN REASONABLY BE EXPECTED TO RESULT IN A PHYSICAL INJURY, 
OR IN LOSS OF LIFE. ANY SUCH USE BY YOU IS ENTIRELY AT YOUR OWN RISK, AND YOU 
AGREE TO HOLD THE OWNER HARMLESS FROM ANY CLAIMS OR LOSSES RELATING TO SUCH 
UNAUTHORISED USE. 

5. General

All rights of any kind in the Software which are not expressly granted in this 
Agreement are entirely and exclusively reserved to and by the Owner. 

This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the Republic of Turkey. Exclusive 
jurisdiction and venue for all matters relating to this Agreement shall be in 
courts and fora located in the Republic of Turkey, and you consent to such 
jurisdiction and venue. This agreement contains the entire Agreement between the 
parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof, and supersedes all 
prior agreements and/or understandings (oral or written). Failure or delay by 
the Owner in enforcing any right or provision hereof shall not be deemed a 
waiver of such provision or right with respect to the instant or any subsequent 
breach. If any provision of this Agreement shall be held by a court of competent 
jurisdiction to be contrary to law, that provision will be enforced to the 
maximum extent permissible, and the remaining provisions of this Agreement will 
remain in force and effect.
